prometheus-integration/README.md, before:

# Prometheus Integration with TIBCO BusinessWorks

Prometheus Monitoring for TIBCO BusinessWorks is an open source plug-in for TIBCO BusinessWorks Studio. It is designed to monitor JVM, application's activity & process related statistics via [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io).

To enable Prometheus monitoring for applications running in Docker follow the below steps:
* Add JAR of this plugin in addons/jar folder and build the base image (name it as bwce-base).
* Expose port 9095 in the application's Dockerfile.
* Build the apllication's docker image using base image created in step 1. (i.e. bwce-base:latest)
* Set BW_PROMETHEUS_ENABLE environment variable to TRUE while running the Docker image of the application.
* Run your application using below command: <br/>
docker run -d -p 9095:9095 -p exposed-port-by-application:8080 -e BW_PROMETHEUS_ENABLE=TRUE app-image-name <br/>
To enable logging pass environment variable BW_LOGLEVEL=INFO|DEBUG <br/>
Now, hit the application endpoint and check the metrics here: http://your-machine-ip:9095/metrics
* Add prometheus.yml file and run the Prometheus server to scrape metrics generated in last step using the below commands: <br/>
cp path-to-file/prometheus.yml ~/prometheus.yml <br/> 
docker run -p -d 9090:9090 -v ~/prometheus.yml:/etc/prometheus/prometheus.yml prom/prometheus --config.file=/etc/prometheus/prometheus.yml

To enable Prometheus monitoring for applications running in PCF follow the below steps:
* Set BW_PROMETHEUS_ENABLE environment variable to TRUE in the manifest.yml file of the application.
* Add JAR of this plugin in addons/jar folder and build the buildpack.
* Push your application to the cloud using newly created buildpack. Once application gets started you would be able to see the Prometheus metrics at applications-routable-url/merics endpoint.
* Add promregator.yml file and run the Promregator server using below command: <br/> 
cp path-to-file/promregator.yml ~/promregator.yml <br/> 
docker run -d --name promregator -p 127.0.0.1:56710:8080 -v ~/promregator.yml:/etc/promregator/promregator.yml -e CF_PASSWORD=cloud-foundary-password promregator/promregator:0.4.1
* Add prometheus.yml file and run the Prometheus server using below command: <br/>
cp path-to-file/prometheus.yml ~/prometheus.yml <br/> 
docker run --name prometheus -v ~/prometheus.yml:/etc/prometheus/prometheus.yml -p 127.0.0.1:9090:9090 --link promregator prom/prometheus:latest

## Grafana Integration

Below is the sample dashboard that has been created using metrics generated by this plugin:

![prometheus-grafana-integration](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44194609/49129290-25ce8180-f2f5-11e8-80f0-ea54f121cadd.png)

Commit message:

Added Grafana command & updated Readme

prometheus-integration/README.md, after:

# Prometheus Integration with TIBCO BusinessWorks

Prometheus Monitoring for TIBCO BusinessWorks is an open source plug-in for TIBCO BusinessWorks Studio. It is designed to monitor JVM, application's activity & process related statistics via [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io).

## Prometheus for Docker

To enable Prometheus monitoring for applications running in Docker follow the below steps:
* Add JAR of this plugin in addons/jar folder and build the base image (name it as bwce-base).
* Expose port 9095 in the application's Dockerfile.
* Build the apllication's docker image using base image created in step 1. (i.e. bwce-base:latest)
* Set BW_PROMETHEUS_ENABLE environment variable to TRUE while running the Docker image of the application.
* Run your application using below command: <br/>
docker run -d -p 9095:9095 -p exposed-port-by-application:8080 -e BW_PROMETHEUS_ENABLE=TRUE app-image-name <br/>
To enable logging pass environment variable BW_LOGLEVEL=INFO|DEBUG <br/>
Now, hit the application endpoint and check the metrics here: http://your-machine-ip:9095/metrics
* Add prometheus.yml file and run the Prometheus server to scrape metrics generated in last step using the below commands: <br/>
cp path-to-file/prometheus.yml ~/prometheus.yml <br/> 
docker run -d -p 9090:9090 -v ~/prometheus.yml:/etc/prometheus/prometheus.yml prom/prometheus --config.file=/etc/prometheus/prometheus.yml

## Prometheus for PCF

To enable Prometheus monitoring for applications running in PCF follow the below steps:
* Set BW_PROMETHEUS_ENABLE environment variable to TRUE in the manifest.yml file of the application.
* Add JAR of this plugin in addons/jar folder and build the buildpack.
* Push your application to the cloud using newly created buildpack. Once application gets started you would be able to see the Prometheus metrics at applications-routable-url/merics endpoint.
* Add promregator.yml file and run the Promregator server using below command: <br/> 
cp path-to-file/promregator.yml ~/promregator.yml <br/> 
docker run -d --name promregator -p 127.0.0.1:56710:8080 -v ~/promregator.yml:/etc/promregator/promregator.yml -e CF_PASSWORD=cloud-foundary-password promregator/promregator:0.4.1
* Add prometheus.yml file and run the Prometheus server using below command: <br/>
cp path-to-file/prometheus.yml ~/prometheus.yml <br/> 
docker run --name prometheus -v ~/prometheus.yml:/etc/prometheus/prometheus.yml -p 127.0.0.1:9090:9090 --link promregator prom/prometheus:latest

## Grafana Integration to Prometheus

To start Grafana in your local machine run below command:

sudo docker run --user root -d -p 3000:3000 -e "GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_PASSWORD=admin" -v ~/grafana_db:/var/lib/grafana grafana/grafana:5.1.0

Grafana wil be hosted at localhost:3000 with username: admin & password: admin. Add Prometheus data source and configure PromQLs to show more fancy graphs in Grafana. Below is the sample dashboard that has been created using metrics generated by this plugin:

![prometheus-grafana-integration](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44194609/49129290-25ce8180-f2f5-11e8-80f0-ea54f121cadd.png)
